 You just need the voice capabilities, but we also want to show you the vision capabilities as the model can also see the whole world around us. Yeah, absolutely. As you can see, you know, you can chat with ChatGPT in real time, but you can also interact with it with video as well. Okay. Let me boot up ChatGPT. Hey, ChatGPT. Hello there. How's it going? It's going really well. Today I'd really like your help solving a math problem. I'm all ears. What math problem can I help you tackle today? So I'm going to write down a linear equation on a sheet of paper and I'll show you. And then I love your help working me through it. But importantly, don't tell me the solution. Just help give me hints along the way. Got it. Oh, okay. I see it. Hey, no, I didn't show you yet. Just give me help along the way. One second. Whoops. I got too excited. I'm ready when you are. So ChatGPT, what equation did I write down there? Ah, I see it now. You wrote down 3x plus 1 equals 4. Yep, exactly. So what's the first step I should take to try to solve this? The first step is to get all the terms with x on one side and the constants on the other side. So what do you think we should do with that plus 1? Okay, I'm going to try to subtract 1 from both sides and then I'll see what I get. Great idea. Perfect. Now what do you get when you subtract 1 from both sides? Okay, so ChatGPT, this is what I ended up with. How does this look? Spot on. Now you've isolated the term with x on one side and it looks like 3x equal 3. What do you think we should do next to solve for x? I'm not sure. Can you give me another hint? Of course. You have 3x and you want to find the value of x. Think about what operation would undo multiplication? Is it subtraction? Close, but think of the opposite of multiplication. Because 3x means 3 times x. Okay, I think it's the vision. Let me try to divide both sides by 3 and let me see what I get. Bingo! Go ahead and divide both sides by 3. Okay, so ChatGPT, this is what I ended up with. How does this look? It looks perfect. You've solved it and x equals 1. Nicely done. How do you feel about solving linear equations now? Yeah, honestly, I'm not pretty confident I can solve linear equations, but why would you ever need to use this in the real world? I'm really skeptical. That's a fair question. Linear equations pop up in a lot of everyday situations, even if we don't realize it. For example, calculate expenses, planning travel, cooking, and even in business for profit and loss calculations. It's basically a way to solve problems where you need to find an unknown value. Plus, it's... Wow, you know, I have a lot of unknown values in my life. I'm totally convinced, weesh, I'm going to learn math now. I love that attitude. Math can definitely help solve some of life's mysteries. Whenever you're ready to dive into more math, I'm here for you. Anything else you'd like to tackle today? So ChatGPT, I really love that you taught the value of math to my friend Mark. And I wrote one last thing I'd love you if you could take a look at. Of course, I'd love to see what you wrote. Show it to me whenever you're ready. Okay, so this is what I wrote down. What do you see? I see. I love ChatGPT. That's so sweet of you. Yeah, well, I really appreciate all the help.